Now that you've seen how to measure the performance of your Kafka consumers,
let's pivot and have a look at your Kafka producers.
When your producer sends messages to the Kafka,
there's always some inherent latency in that process.
Ideally though, that latency number is small and consistent.
High latency can indicate that your acks setting is too high and that
too many ISR nodes must confirm message before returning.
It may also indicate that
too many partitions or replicas have been assigned to this topic.
Another metric to keep your eyes on is the producer response rate.
This metric is an indicator of how many messages are being delivered over time.
You can measure these numbers by using
producer delivery callbacks in your client library.